Fat soup applauds old age, what can you do to me?
Is it yo
You cripple my dantian
I told you to stop! Why didn't you stop?
Is the old man always calling me?
I thought you were calling Ye Nantian's assistant
What the hell is this?
I thought Elder Gu
It's to see Ye Nantian come to challenge me
Specially to protect me as a victim
Ye Nantian's dantian has been abolished by you
You still call the victim
arena competition
conceited life and death
How to compete in the arena
You are fighting to the death
Tear the teeth according to the door rules
Five years facing the wall
I have to save Qiaoqian in five years
Elder Gu was clearly Ye Nantian's piano first
Han Yan took action as a last resort
He is questioning this elder's silence
I dare not take this child down
Whoever dares to enter the sect for the first time will not obey the discipline
You want to judge Yuan Men
I don't know any rules
I only know that someone dared to enter my yard and provoke me
Should bear my anger
Okay, okay.
I didn't see it before
You are so evil that you run so wild
Even the leader of the alliance has to pay three points of respect to the ancient elder
You speak wildly
So ready.